(Episode 27)
- Hello. - Hello.
How have you been?
How is Ms. Mo?
Who are you?
Don't you remember me?
I'm the doctor from the hospital ship.
Do you know me?
- Ma'am. - Let go of me.
Doctor.
What's going on?
Geun Ja.
Goodness. What's going on?
Hey. Geun Ja...
Ma'am. Who are you?
How do you know my name?
My gosh. Do you have Alzheimer's?
You have a sick mother. What is going on?
Goodness.
- Ma'am. - Geun Ja.
- Ma'am? - Geun Ja.
Change her clothes.
She's severely dehydrated, so get her on an IV first.
Yes, doctor.
Is she an emergency patient?
Yes, her temperature went up to 40℃.
Her vitals are unstable,
and she's not herself at all.
She hasn't had those symptoms for a long time. I think it's delirium.
Please get her on the monitor first,
and check her vitals again.
Okay.
Doctor Kwak.
We might need to move her to the ER right away,
so check with the Coast Guard now.
- I've called them already. - And?
It seems like there was a big accident...
where a liner and a fishing boat crashed.
They're all at the scene, so they may not be able to come right away.
The captain says we can set sail now,
so if she can hang on for four hours...
Okay. I'll try to stabilize the patient as soon as possible.
All right.
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
Hi, doctor.
My dad? Again?
I'm on the island now, so I can't go there right now.
Yes.
Please do. Okay.
Please try to find him, and call me.
- Please stop. - Calm down.
- My gosh. - Doctor Kwak.
The doctor is here. Please get up.
Come on. Please calm down.
What on earth is going on?
What will happen to her now?
I'll tell you the details after we examine her.
That's not going to help her!
There is no medicine for dementia.
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
She doesn't have...
It's almost certain that she doesn't have dementia.
What?
She couldn't recognize us,
she talked nonsense,
and she even wet her pants.
But she doesn't have dementia?
She was fine a week ago.
Dementia develops slowly.
It doesn't occur so suddenly like this.
What is it then?
What's wrong with her? Why is she not herself like that?
Since she's showing sudden sets of symptoms,
it's probably delirium rather than dementia.
De... What?
Delirium. Please explain it to her.
Yes, doctor.
She will explain what it is for you.
Please calm down,
and get some rest in the waiting room.
We'll take good care of your friend.
Are you saying she can be normal again?
Can you make her sane again?
I'll do my best.
I don't need you to do your best.
I need you to promise me.
Promise me that you will give me back my friend.
There is...
something to I want to say...
No. There is something I must say to her.
I have to tell her.
So no matter what happens,
please help my friend come back.
Okay. I will do everything I can.
Gosh. Please come this way.
- I'll explain it to you. - Come on.
Her vitals are still very unstable.
I've given her a fever reducer,
but her body temperature won't go down from 40℃.
We have to find the cause of her high fever first.
What could it be?
She has sudden clouded consciousness and a high fever.
We should suspect cerebromeningitis first.
Don't we have to test her cerebrospinal fluid to verify?
Let's do the simple tests first.
Ma'am. Ma'am.
I want to go home.
My mom's waiting for me.
Let me lift your head.
I'll do that again.
There's no Brudzinski sign.
(The knees should bend)
If it's cerebromeningitis,
the back of her neck would be stiff, but it's soft.
Are you saying we should exclude cerebromeningitis?
Then what's causing the fever?
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
Doctor Kwak, your phone.
It's cardiac arrest.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Checking for rhythm.
- 150 joules. - Charged.
3, 2, 1, shoot.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
1, 2, 3.
200 joules.
Charged.
3, 2, 1, shoot.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
- Charged. - 3, 2, 1, shoot.
She's back.
Your phone's ringing.
I know.
It's the rehabilitation center.
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
Take it.
She's stable for now.
What if it's an urgent call?
I'll stay here, so...
Then...
I won't be long.
Hello?
We just can't find your father.
We found one of his shoes by the sea.
There's nothing more we can do.
We want to report him missing,
but we need a family member.
Report it first.
I'll come over as soon as I can.
(Son)
Hello, it's Mom.
Dad's gone.
I told you I don't know your dad.
Please, Mom.
I can't be there right now.
The hospital ship's docked three hours away from Geoje,
and we have an emergency patient.
A patient?
If I don't concentrate on a diagnosis and treatment,
this patient could even end up dead.
So...
Okay.
I get it, so don't worry and focus on your patient.
I'll do it. I'll take care of everything.
Treat your patient.
Don't worry about anything. You just do that.
Okay, Hyun?
Yes.
Look after...
Dad for me.
Where did you go?
Why can't you just leave your son alone?
(Cruise ship boarding point)
Geun Hee looks like...
she's prickly and cold,
but inside, she's soft like tofu.
Not just that,
she's an amazing cook.
She could pick any odd herb from the field...
and create...
something that tasted special.
She's been looking after her sick mother.
Ever since she moved here,
she went to fields...
and mountains every day to collect herbs.
Herbs?
Yes.
Did she collect herbs in mountains?
Why are you asking about that?
What was that about?
I don't know.
I found it.
I think I know what caused the fever.
Every day for the past two weeks,
she collected herbs in the mountains.
Orientia tsutsugamushi tends to cause fevers in the fall.
- It can't be... - Tsutsugamushi?
That's the most likely cause.
It must be on her somewhere.
The site of the bite will be swollen and red.
I found it.
It's really bush typhus.
- Let's run a blood test. - Yes, doctor.
We don't have the reagent.
We do.
Tsutsugamushi is a popular autumn disease.
I ordered the reagent just in case.
[VIU Ver] Episode 27 Hospital Ship "Who Are You Waiting For?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Doctor, the blood test results.
Well?
It is tsutsugamushi disease.
If you ordered the reagent,
then I'm sure you ordered the cure too.
She was very lucky.
You're a great doctor.
Nurse Yoo, give her 200mg of doxycycline orally.
Yes, doctor.
(Doxycycline is an antibiotic)
Tsutsugamushi disease?
Yes. I gave her an antibiotic for now,
but she needs to stay at a hospital.
She'll come back to you healthy and happy.
She'll recognize you and...
She'll be able to hear your story.
What should I do?
I'm so grateful.
How should I repay you for your help?
She'll be fine. Don't worry.
(Doctors Without Borders, Kwak Sung)
He traveled all his life.
Again,
he left without a word.
Did you find something?
Anything that could be a clue?
I'm not sure. Not yet.
I'm not sure if this will be of any help.
A few days ago, he kept asking me to find him something.
He said he had somewhere to go.
What was it? What did he want?
It sounded like "Kkok Ji" or "Kkak Ji".
Is it the name of a pet dog or something?
He was talking in his sleep a while ago.
"Come here, Kkak Ji. My beautiful Kkak Ji."
- "This time..." - "When I return,"
"I'll keep my promise."
"We'll go to your favorite island."
"Let's play with bubbles as much as we want."
Ji Eun.
It's Kwak Ji, not Kkak Ji.
It's Kwak Ji, Mom.
No.
No, I don't want to be Ji Eun.
Stop crying.
My name isn't Ji Eun.
Ji Eun.
No, that's not my name.
Hey.
Dad is Kwak Sung.
My brother is Kwak Hyun.
Why do I have three syllabi in my name?
Stop crying.
That's not something to complain about.
I won't be Ji Eun.
I don't like that name.
You don't have to be Ji Eun.
Dad.
You don't have to be.
- You can be Kwak Ji. - Kwak Ji?
That's right.
I'm Kwak Sung, and your brother is Kwak Hyun.
You can be Kwak Ji.
You must be happy.
- Your name changed to Kwak Ji. - Kwak Ji.
My goodness.
Kwak Ji.
Do you think Dad went there?
To keep our promise?
You should go now.
- The patient is still... - I'll take care of it.
You saved the patient,
so I'll watch her.
You should go to your dad now.
You can go now.
What are you doing here?
I'm waiting for my daughter.
How old...
is your daughter?
She's six years old.
What is...
the name of your daughter?
Kwak Ji.
"Kwak Ji".
Her real name is Kwak Ji Eun,
but she prefers to be called Kwak Ji.
What's this?
It's a bubble gun. I bought it on my way here.
My daughter loves to play with bubbles.
May I...
try it?
Only if you're gentle with it.
She's quite sensitive.
If you damage it, she might try to attack you.
I'll be careful.
The gun makes bubbles.
It's an interesting toy.
- Don't you think? - Yes.
If all the guns in the world...
make bubbles like this, it would be great.
Then Dad wouldn't have gone to war.
Did your dad...
go to war?
Yes.
Do you miss him?
Are you awake?
Where am I?
You're at a hospital.
Don't you remember?
The doctor found you.
He carried you all the way to the hospital.
Right, I remember.
I think I do.
Do you remember?
Do you remember everything clearly?
That's so surprising.
I thought she had Alzheimer's.
How is she back to normal?
So what? Are you unhappy?
What are you talking about?
- Are you okay? - Of course, she isn't.
She can't even take care of herself.
Just look at her. She isn't okay.
Who is the one to talk?
Do you think you look better than me?
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry, Choon Soon. - Sorry about what?
You've been sick,
but I never came to visit you.
Forget it.
Let me explain, Choon Soon.
I was afraid.
I was afraid that...
I'd become like you.
To be honest,
I...
I don't live in Seoul.
I'm a diver...
just like you in the East Sea.
It's been over 20 years...
since I separated from my husband.
I don't know what to do with my only child.
After getting divorced,
I started diving again.
Perhaps I'm meant to be a diver.
Becoming a diver again...
wasn't difficult.
I started to save money little by little,
but my son squandered it all.
Now,
he thinks my mom will die soon.
He wants to send her to a sanatorium...
and sell her house.
I have to work hard...
to stop him from doing that,
and I got worried that I might get sick like you.
Geun Ja...
No. Geun Hee.
It's Geun Ja.
Just call me Geun Ja.
A new name couldn't change the fact that I'm a bumpkin.
I'm sorry.
All right. Shall we dive in together now? It's been a while.
How long has it been?
It's been 30 years. 30 years.
I'm all set. Let's go.
- Are you good to go? - I am.
Let's go then. Here we go.
I told...
Seung Won about Dad.
What did he say?
He says he's disappointed...
that I didn't tell him sooner and sorry he couldn't earn my trust.
That's good.
It doesn't look like...
Dad can walk me down the aisle, right?
I'm so disappointed. I want to...
hold his hand and walk down the aisle.
You can...
hold my hand instead.
I will ask for your father's blessing today.
So why don't we...
hold each other's hands and walk down the aisle together?
It's great to finally meet you, Mr. Kwak.
My name is Han Seung Won.
I came to ask for your blessing.
Please let me marry Ji Eun.
I will love her and look after her...
when we're happy or sad.
Would you give us your blessing?
Kwak Ji.
Do you like this guy?
Dad.
I can't really say I like him.
You thief.
(Episode 28 will air shortly.)